Add XCM Channels (#188)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: tutorials/interoperability/xcm-channels/para-to-para.md

### Step 1 - Fund Receiver Sovereign Account

Before proceeding, ensure that the sovereign account of parachain 2600 on the relay chain is funded. This account will be responsible for covering any XCM transact fees.
To fund the account, follow the same process described in the previous section [Step 1 - Fund Sovereign Account](#step-1---fund-sender-sovereign-account).

### Step 2 - Create Channel Accepting Extrinsic

1. In Polkadot.js Apps, connect to the relay chain, navigate to the **Developer** dropdown and select the **Extrinsics** option

    ![](/images/tutorials/interoperability/xcm-channels/para-to-para/hrmp-para-to-para-1.webp)

2. Construct an `hrmpAcceptOpenChannel` extrinsic call

    1. Select the **`hrmp`** pallet
    2. Choose the **`hrmpAcceptOpenChannel`** extrinsic
    3. Fill in the parameters:
        - **`sender`** - parachain ID of the requesting chain (in this case, 2500)
    4. Copy the encoded call data
    ![](/images/tutorials/interoperability/xcm-channels/para-to-para/hrmp-para-to-para-5.webp)
    The encoded call data for accepting a channel with parachain 2500 should be `0x3c01c4090000`

> ### Step 3 - Crafting and Submitting the XCM Message from the Receiver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Crafting and Submitting the XCM Message from the Receiver
```

> To accept the HRMP channel opening, you need to create and submit an XCM message that includes the encoded `hrmpAcceptOpenChannel` call data from the previous step. This process is similar to the one described in the previous section's [Step 3 - Crafting and Submitting the XCM Message](#step-3---crafting-and-submitting-the-xcm-message-from-the-sender), with a few key differences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accept the HRMP channel opening, you need to create and submit an XCM message that includes the encoded `hrmpAcceptOpenChannel` call data from the previous step. This process is similar to the one described in the previous section, [Crafting and Submitting the XCM Message](#crafting-and-submitting-the-xcm-message-from-the-sender), with a few key differences:
```
